Data dir support for MapStore (#7161)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/externalized-configuration.md

-Ddatadir.location=/etc/mapstore_extensions,/etc/mapstore_static_config
```

### Logging

> Logging has not been externalized yet, You can manually do this change in `WEB-INF/web.xml` file to externalize also this file:

Author: I tried to add the variable, de-commenting and changing the following lines in web.xml

```xml
<context-param> 
    <param-name>log4jConfigLocation</param-name> 
    <param-value>file:${datadir.location}/log4j.xml</param-value>
</context-param>
```

but application didn't start if the file was not present in datadir. So I gave up. 
Do you think it is feasable somehow?

### Database Connection

> Creating a file in `geostore-datasource-ovr.properties` file, it will be used and override the current

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you create a file in the datadir called `geostore-datasource-ovr.properties` , it will be used and override the current
```
